in terms of text messages and good calls the team behaves very
all right
what to say
in the forum message you have the t9 keyboard with any clear proposed cell
exception here
To write like that
letter by letter stitched with sm
in which
few artists lic
yes clear robert e
It's very good
this points fast and it costs a bit to get used to
with hitting him
you can can
and well after the judge ceased
the good sector is detects housing
the networks
p the fast
your friend that the player does not have
in java
then no you can not
I give everything and those things
between good as to go closing after 7
with a phone, do not be more listen well
and I called they listen to me well or there's no bigger problem with that
this keyboard and medium
is the key
multitask
that having this came up in this month a tab
percent and access photo ap is to the favorites in which we have put
go avoiding and putting the most used things
and keep the lock you also have the applications open
for example if we go and open
percent
any application
p we press the cut button and it returns
how many arteta showed so this
I can go back to the start screen
i do anything else here it looks like an icon
morante does not want to see
the same economist did not vote
kessel said multitasking and academies to choose
end all and teresa while
or you can
it is exchanging applications
as legal
of cherry
finally I will give you some opinions on
because it seems to me that they should buy this phone or not
by the way, mainly if your fan of photos
nothing of the team p
very good they have very good function
academics for the description did not leave anything photos so they can see
both with a plan without flash
and see all that I said this is the definition that is very good
and also about the bad things like the flash that of the porous in dark
I read in the general relationship is acceptable equipment and that is not not
for slower civil
they have not been the problem
in hospitality more applications since then eighth tenth will be left that
He is very agile
and today it does not have
the lie features worthy of
Després the team as sartre gv dies of camera
3 inch screen gps
why I would not buy it
he was to know they would be
is a fallacy that has the phone as a telephone itself
as for example when works of messages
from lara
the ring where
reception message is not at all clear
spot to put the united kingdom you want
but it lasts a few seconds and
to the healthy time
did not return to warn thesis that you did not hear
and also not the address to your wedding because the relationship is a must ref
and nothing else I'm not going to take from never again
and if not what
if they do not say and you did not hear
you were there is no way
I will vegara a program and nobody has already done
the alarm
d
for the loser another great subject
bad buyvip
the alarm
that sounds very, very low
the volume
do not wake up but not crazy about a good dream
and the worst that in my manual injury
I can
on how to increase the volume
which I assume can not be done for
nowhere does he mention
much to the common equipment options
in
ta counting as in the manual
there we have nothing more there will be a summer time
I do not know kuchar
and good finally
the operative success theme that in each one well
it is not do not want to add the applications for the wider operating system
as he pointed out in a moment
since for example the gps
almost useless day
because I'm still installing a map to use it
per cent without spending credit you can not
that cap with the white label program
but the truth is pasta before worse program
nothing more because it is a java application not
I do not have anything against witral people are actually the only ones who can do
but good academy showed the map a bit but nobody
very good trucho
nothing to do with the garmin
and good java applications appear these
the clash that immolate
will be in the different physical keys of any cell phone so in bags with
he the numbers
in short I think not to forget anything
and well I hope you enjoyed
development and that has brought them the two that I had on the team
i anything like that and have yet another doubt can
they asked astral
comments you want